# Terasology-Trading
In the real world one of the key facets of an economy is its dependence on a monetary system based upon the use of a third party currency (money) to intermediate the purchase of goods. This solution has fixed the much old problem of coincidence of needs, basically two people having goods that they want to trade, unfortunately in the gaming world this is much harder to implement, case in point: MMOs. Simply put, the basic concept of the demand and supply of money cannot be implemented, in most cases, without a government which would make Terasology boring. Another aspect of money is how it’s distributed, another problem in sandbox gaming as if the characters have to do specific tasks day in and day out, it would get boring. The main problem is that classic economics doesn’t work in gaming worlds without making them boring. But trade could be a huge aspect in making Terasology a massive online sandbox, as players could specialize into aspects that they are best at, rather than being the jack of all trades. 
Hence I propose a simple solution, the gold standard. Gold ores are already a part of the gameplay in Terasology and are quite rare in standard worlds, and the availability of the furnace could mean that a possible prefab could in theory be written out to make gold coins (Which would otherwise not be present in the world). This would mean that the overall supply of Gold in the world wouldn’t change (like in the real world where the Money Supply is absolutely inelastic) and additionally there would be a fun aspect/incentive for players to venture off and find gold ore. Furthermore, trading centers could be put into place (Under the dependency of the “Economy” module, to enable set prices for certain (rare) items and the players could steal from each other (thieves) and trade personally for other goods for a non predetermined price, this would bring in a PCM market (Perfect competition market) into Terasology meaning that Traders could pop up anywhere to set up shop (other than the trading centers) offering goods at different prices. This additionally brings in the concept of Demand into Terasology.
Overall, a Trading Module could open up tons of new ways to play Terasology, from becoming body guards to explorers, thieves, traders and many more. 
